Learning objectives (#6)
mitre/fhir-for-research: modules/fhir-research.qmd

  - Clinician Scientist/Trainee

learning_objectives:

>   - question: Give an example of how FHIR has been used by researchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Identify examples of how FHIR has already been used by researchers.
```
